http://www.utzone.de/forum/downloads.php?do=file&id=1194

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Unreal Tournament 2004 BONUS MEGAPACK

(C) 2003 Epic Games
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks for downloading the MegaPack!

This pack is our way of saying "Thanks" for purchasing UT2004. We hope you enjoy it!

This bonus pack includes everything you need to update UT2004 to the most current version, including
the latest patch, and the content from the first (Editor's Choice Edition) bonus pack for UT2004.
You can install this bonus pack on any version of UT2004.

The MegaPack includes the following maps:

Assault:
AS-BP2-Acatana
Intense space fighting and on-foot combat combine in this recreation of the historic Skaarj invasion
of the Acatana asteroid belt.

AS-BP2-Jumpship
Be part of the elite team that infiltrated and hijacked the first warp capable Jumpship.

AS-BP2-Outback
City slickers just took over the outbackâ€™s top brewery â€“ get over there pronto and stop the
production of their tasteless Zero Beer before it takes over Oz!

AS-BP2-SubRosa
Fight your way into a Liandri research facility and steal the original plans for the Redeemer.

AS-BP2-Thrust
A recreation of the infamous destruction of the Saturn IX rocket where a team of rebel fighters
launched it unguided and half fueled into hostile waters.


CTF:
CTF-BP2-Concentrate
Tall spires tower over this Capture the Flag battle set on a derelict outpost deep in the Elorean
Seas.

CTF-BP2-Pistola
This twin complex of concrete and metal combines the beauty of nature with the harsh lines of
industrial architecture to create a fierce battle arena.


Deathmatch:
DM-BP2-Calandras
The courtyards of Calandras were once beautiful and welcoming. While the Templeâ€™s interiors have
been preserved, a new less-inviting use has been found for the exteriors.

DM-BP2-GoopGod
For centuries the Nali monks managed to keep this sacred burial ground hidden until Liandri
satellites discovered the location during a routine satellite sweep. The area was mined, and what
remained was converted into a tournament arena, corpses and all.


The content from the first bonuspack, also included, is:

Onslaught:
ONS-Adara
ONS-IslandHop
ONS-Tricky
ONS-Urban

Three new vehicles:

SPMA (Self Propelled Mobile Artillery)
The SPMA is a two person vehicle, with the driver controlling a long range artillery piece. Alt-fire
deploys the spotter camera. Enemies will want to shoot down the spotter camera as soon as they see
it, to keep the SPMA from raining destruction from afar. An AVRiL at the spotter camera will
automatically re-direct toward the SPMA if it ever becomes visible to the AVRiL.

Paladin
The Paladin is a defense focused vehicle, with a powerful energy projectile cannon and a defensive
shield alt-fire. Firing the cannon while the shield is deployed will heavily damage nearby players.

Cicada
The two-man Cicada ground attack bomber is a powerful weapon against ground targets, but is easy
prey for Raptors. The pilot can fire missiles, or use the alt-fire to specify a target. While
holding alt-fire, multiple missiles are loaded up, and released when alt-fire is released. These
missiles will all track toward the specified target location, so the alt-fire can be used to avoid
enemy fire while loading up missiles. The second seat in the Cicada is an energy beam turret located
on the belly of the Cicada. Its alt-fire is chaff that can be used to confuse incoming AVRiLs.


Six new characters:

Mekkor (Skaarj)
Mekkor is from the Black Fist Clan, sworn enemies of the Iron Skull Clan. Severely injured in
battle, he is testing his new cybernetic armor in the Tournament.

Skrilax (Skaarj)
Skrilax is from the Black Fist Clan, sworn enemies of the Iron Skull Clan. Alongside his brother
Mekkor, he was severely injured while fighting the Iron Skull Clan."

Barktooth (Iron Guard)
Barktooth would rather rip an opponent to shreds with his bare hands than fight from afar. He also
finds close range Flak shots very satisfying."

Karag (Iron Guard)
Before joining the Iron Guard, Karag honed his weapon handling skills during a long stint as a
Marshall for the Terran Colonial Authority. His style and panache already have the the Tournament
audience abuzz."

Kragoth (Necris)
After an absence of several years, the Necris are preparing a return to the Tournament. Known as the
'Star Slayer,' Kragoth is a dread Necris Phayder assassin. He is rumored to have single handedly
killed the entire crew of an ICV Star Cruiser."

Thannis (Necris)
After an absence of several years, the Necris are preparing a return to the Tournament. Thannis is
participating to scout the competition."

